Attention:
Copy A of this form is provided for informational purposes only. Copy A appears in red,
similar to the official IRS form. The official printed version of Copy A of this IRS form is
scannable, but the online version of it, printed from this website, is not. Do not print and file
copy A downloaded from this website; a penalty may be imposed for filing with the IRS
information return forms that can’t be scanned. See part O in the current General
Instructions for Certain Information Returns, available at IRS.gov/Form1099, for more
information about penalties.
Please note that Copy B and other copies of this form, which appear in black, may be
downloaded and printed and used to satisfy the requirement to provide the information to
the recipient.
If you have 10 or more information returns to file, you may be required to file e-file. Go to
IRS.gov/InfoReturn for e-file options.
If you have fewer than 10 information returns to file, we strongly encourage you to e-file. If
you want to file them on paper, you can place an order for the official IRS information
returns, which include a scannable Copy A for filing with the IRS and all other applicable
copies of the form, at IRS.gov/EmployerForms. We’ll mail you the forms you request and
their instructions, as well as any publications you may order.
See Publications 1141, 1167, and 1179 for more information about printing these forms.
8383 VOID CORRECTED
FILER’S name, street address, city or town, state or province, country, ZIP or 1 Payments received for OMB No. 1545-1574
foreign postal code, and telephone number qualified tuition and related
expenses
$ 2025 Tuition
2 Statement
Form 1098-T
FILER’S employer identification no. STUDENT’S TIN 3 Copy A
For
STUDENT’S name 4 Adjustments made for a 5 Scholarships or grants Internal Revenue
prior year Service Center
$ $ For filing information,
Street address (including apt. no.) 6 Adjustments to 7 Checked if the amount Privacy Act, and
scholarships or grants in box 1 includes Paperwork Reduction
for a prior year amounts for an Act Notice, see the
City or town, state or province, country, and ZIP or foreign postal code academic period
beginning January– General Instructions
$ March 2026 for Certain
Service Provider/Acct. No. (see instr.) 8 Checked if at least 9 Checked if a graduate 10 Ins. contract reimb./refund Information Returns.
half-time student student $ www.irs.gov/Form1099
Form 1098-T Cat. No. 25087J www.irs.gov/Form1098T Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
Do Not Cut or Separate Forms on This Page — Do Not Cut or Separate Forms on This Page
CORRECTED
FILER’S name, street address, city or town, state or province, country, ZIP or 1 Payments received for OMB No. 1545-1574
foreign postal code, and telephone number qualified tuition and related
expenses
$ 2025 Tuition
2 Statement
Form 1098-T
FILER’S employer identification no. STUDENT’S TIN 3 Copy B
For Student
STUDENT’S name 4 Adjustments made for a 5 Scholarships or grants
prior year This is important
tax information
$ $ and is being
furnished to the
Street address (including apt. no.) 6 Adjustments to 7 Checked if the amount
IRS. This form
scholarships or grants in box 1 includes
for a prior year amounts for an must be used to
City or town, state or province, country, and ZIP or foreign postal code academic period complete Form 8863
beginning January– to claim education
$ March 2026 credits. Give it to the
tax preparer or use it to
Service Provider/Acct. No. (see instr.) 8 Checked if at least 9 Checked if a graduate 10 Ins. contract reimb./refund
prepare the tax return.
half-time student student $
Form 1098-T (keep for your records) www.irs.gov/Form1098T Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
Instructions for Student the prior year (may result in an increase in tax liability for the year of the refund). See
“recapture” in the index to Pub. 970 to report a reduction in your education credit or
You, or the person who can claim you as a dependent, may be able to claim an tuition and fees deduction.
education credit on Form 1040 or 1040-SR. This statement has been furnished to you Box 5. Shows the total of all scholarships or grants administered and processed by
by an eligible educational institution in which you are enrolled, or by an insurer who the eligible educational institution. The amount of scholarships or grants for the
makes reimbursements or refunds of qualified tuition and related expenses to you. calendar year (including those not reported by the institution) may reduce the amount
This statement is required to support any claim for an education credit. Retain this of the education credit you claim for the year.
statement for your records. To see if you qualify for a credit, and for help in calculating TIP: You may be able to increase the combined value of an education credit and
the amount of your credit, see Pub. 970, Form 8863, and the Instructions for Form certain educational assistance (including Pell Grants) if the student includes some or
1040. Also, for more information, go to www.irs.gov/Credits-Deductions/Individuals/ all of the educational assistance in income in the year it is received. For details, see
Qualified-Ed-Expenses and www.irs.gov/Education. Pub. 970.
Your institution must include its name, address, and information contact telephone Box 6. Shows adjustments to scholarships or grants for a prior year. This amount may
number on this statement. It may also include contact information for a service affect the amount of any allowable tuition and fees deduction or education credit that
provider. Although the filer or the service provider may be able to answer certain you claimed for the prior year. You may have to file an amended income tax return
questions about the statement, do not contact the filer or the service provider for (Form 1040-X) for the prior year.
explanations of the requirements for (and how to figure) any education credit that you
Box 7. Shows whether the amount in box 1 includes amounts for an academic period
may claim.
beginning January–March 2026. See Pub. 970 for how to report these amounts.
Student’s taxpayer identification number (TIN). For your protection, this form may
Box 8. Shows whether you are considered to be carrying at least one-half the normal
show only the last four digits of your TIN (SSN, ITIN, ATIN, or EIN). However, the issuer
full-time workload for your course of study at the reporting institution.
has reported your complete TIN to the IRS. Caution: If your TIN is not shown in this
box, your school was not able to provide it. Contact your school if you have questions. Box 9. Shows whether you are considered to be enrolled in a program leading to a
graduate degree, graduate-level certificate, or other recognized graduate-level
Account number. May show an account or other unique number the filer assigned to
educational credential.
distinguish your account.
Box 10. Shows the total amount of reimbursements or refunds of qualified tuition and
Box 1. Shows the total payments received by an eligible educational institution in 2025
related expenses made by an insurer. The amount of reimbursements or refunds for
from any source for qualified tuition and related expenses less any reimbursements or
the calendar year may reduce the amount of any education credit you can claim for
refunds made during 2025 that relate to those payments received during 2025.
the year (may result in an increase in tax liability for the year of the refund).
Box 2. Reserved for future use.
Future developments. For the latest information about developments related to Form
Box 3. Reserved for future use. 1098-T and its instructions, such as legislation enacted after they were published, go
Box 4. Shows any adjustment made by an eligible educational institution for a prior to www.irs.gov/Form1098T.
year for qualified tuition and related expenses that were reported on a prior year Form Free File Program. Go to www.irs.gov/FreeFile to see if you qualify for no-cost online
1098-T. This amount may reduce any allowable education credit that you claimed for federal tax preparation, e-filing, and direct deposit or payment options.
